(Episode 19)
Did you see the picture I sent?
He's Lieutenant Han, a very good
friend of Prosecutor Jung.
Han's former roommate
turned out to be ...
Do Hak Young.
I wished Prosecutor Jung to be
more rational toward this case.
But he set Do Hak Young
free from this case.
- Somebody help!
- Call an ambulance!
- There's blood!
- Step aside!
- Somebody help!
- Someone's hurt!
Let's get just one more drink
to relieve hangover.
Why would you drink more
if you want to relieve hangover?
It's not that. There's a place that
sells really good sundae nearby.
Hey.
What happened?
Plate number 65 C 4390.
We need to find that car.
The driver had a shotgun.
Are you okay?
Yes, sir.
Goodness.
The patient's bleeding severely, and
the blood pressure is undetectable.
Put the oxygen mask on him.
- Please prepare the equipment.
- Yes, sir.
So you were the Chestnut.
Why didn't I recognize you?
I want to tell you something.
Rather than saying I can't forget
the day 13 years ago...
Rather than saying it's great to
see you again...
There is something that I want
to tell you more.
I don't believe in your words.
I am sorry.
Don't die.
Tell me when the wave hits 200.
- It's charged to the full level.
- Step aside.
3, 2, 1. Charge.
I shouldn't have said those
words then.
I have to save and rescue you
if I believe your words.
If I can't, it's going to be all
my fault, and I'll blame myself.
How can I handle all that?
Charge one more time.
Inject him FB1F.
My words must have been
hurtful to you.
You must've blamed yourself
for things you can't even handle.
Can you handle that?
No, I can't.
Step aside. 3, 2, 1. Charge.
I said such mean things to you.
Don't die!
I regret a lot.
If this is the last time,
you would blame yourself
because of me.
I'm worried about you.
You're going to need this later.
Thank you.
Back then,
I should have said nothing and
taken your umbrella.
I can't stand this.
I must say...
sorry to you.
His pulse is back.
We'll take him to the operating
room. Call the anesthesiologist.
- Check the blood pressure.
- Yes, sir.
(Episode 19: A boy meets a girl)
Around 9pm, near the intersection
in Hwayang-dong,
a prosecutor was shot by
a 73-year-old man named Mr. Yoo.
The prosecutor
was severely injured...
and sent to the hospital.
He's going through an operation.
- Mr. Yoo is...
- Hong Joo.
known as the professional archer
Yoo Su Kyung's father.
The police said
her father was unhappy...
with the result of investigation
in which the suspect was set free.
This fact drove Yoo Su Kyung's
father to commit such crime.
(Operation Room)
What is taking so long?
It's been over four hours!
You should sit and wait.
The doctor said the surgery
will take long.
This is driving me mad.
What's taking so long?
(Operation Room)
Your brother will get worried
seeing your face.
Sit here and wait.
I'll go get some plasters.
The future might change.
Look at Jae Chan.
He saved both you and me.
If he can change the future,
I can too.
You can't!
You can never change the future.
Hong Joo!
Hong Joo.
Mom.
Hong Joo, are you okay?
Mom, you were right.
I could not change the future.
No, I mean,
I tried changing it,
but I changed it to be worse.
What if something bad
happens to Jae Chan?
What should I do?
If something bad happens to him
like it did to Dad, I can't...
No, don't say such things.
Nothing will happen.
Don't say such things.
The surgery won't be over.
It's been four hours already.
The surgery is still going...
Hong Joo!
The operation is over.
- What?
- It just ended.
The operation went well.
And the result is good too.
Are you sure?
You aren't lying, right?
I heard it from the doctor himself.
He is okay now.
That's a relief.
Oh, my. Hong Joo!
Hong Joo.
Lieutenant Han, please hold her.
Hong Joo! Wake up.
Hong Joo...
Goodness.
Goodness. He had a gun?
This is not the US.
Where did he get the shotgun?
He had the gun license.
He used the shotgun from the
petrol station.
Chief redistributed
Prosecutor Jung's cases.
You got injury cases,
and you got fraud cases.
You got attempted rape cases.
Hyang Mi, are you crying?
Yes, I'm crying.
I'm crying out of happiness.
No more unfinished cases and
working late. I'm so happy.
I'm so happy that I don't have to
see Prosecutor Jung
who has so many unfinished cases.
I'm crying because I'm happy.
Are you satisfied? Am I done here?
Prosecutor Jung...
What is with her? I thought
she didn't like Prosecutor Jung.
I can tell she likes him very much.
She's deeply in love.
It's shallow.
She's going to turn
against him soon.
You little brat. You cried like that
way when your father died.
Are you awake?
Mom, where is Jae Chan?
His operation was a success.
He's now in the ICU.
Seung Won called me earlier.
Stop. You can't see him even
if you go right now.
The ICU has limited visit hours.
- But I should...
- You should eat first.
You won't be late even if you go
after eating.
When is the visiting hour?
It's 11am. You have plenty of time.
Take your time to eat.
By the way, Seung Won told me
to give this to you.
What's this?
Jae Chan wanted to meet you
last night to give you this.
How did Jae Chan know that
you were called Chestnut?
What do you mean?
He came to see me out of the blue
and asked me.
Goodness! You startled me!
Was Hong Joo called as
Chestnut before?
You didn't tell him that?
No, I didn't.
How did he know that?
It's been more than 10 years.
What's that?
(My dad said it's only natural
to save one when in danger.)
(But I was too mad that I almost
couldn't. From Chestnut)
It was you.
Chestnut.
Why didn't I recognize you?
I know, right?
Do you remember me?
Yes, I remember you.
I've missed you.
For a really long time.
I was worried about you.
I was scared you wouldn't
get up forever.
I was worried about you
that you will blame yourself...
for what I have said in the subway.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry.
[Kocowa Ver] E19 While You Were Sleeping "A boy meets a girl"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I could never...
tell that...
you were a girl.
A girl?
What are you saying?
I thought you were a boy.
I am a boy.
What's wrong with my brother?
He's saying nonsense.
He's showing the symptom
of unclear mindsets.
What is that?
It's only temporary right after
some operations.
He will get back to his senses
after a day or two. Don't worry.
Whatever he's saying doesn't mean
anything. So don't think too much.
He won't even remember
what he just said.
Is that so?
Don't go.
I have so much more to tell you.
Just say yes to whatever
he's saying.
Goodness.
All right. Tell me whatever
you want to say. I'll listen.
Come on.
I'm sorry.
The umbrella you offered
in front of the subway station...
I should have taken it.
How is Prosecutor Jung?
Is he back to his senses?
He's back to his senses,
but not to his full senses.
He can't tell people's genders.
He called me a girl.
Is his brain hurt too?
No, it's just a small side effect
from the operating anesthesia.
I had an operation
when I was in the middle school.
I asked my dad to smoke with me
when I got back to my senses.
He almost killed me.
Anyway, it would take around
a month for him to recover.
By the way,
Prosecutor Son isn't here?
Is he still unconscious?
Yes, he still is.
He has advanced
pancreatic cancer.
He might die before
he gets prosecuted.
He might as well wanted a revenge
when he's dying anyway.
Are you two police officers?
How did you know, little boy?
I know all the police officers and
prosecutors in Korea.
Why are you guarding here?
Is a bad guy inside?
Yes. There's a really bad guy,
but he's really sick.
So he's under investigation
without physical detention.
Good work, you guys.
How does a little boy like that
know such things?
Which floor are you going?
I'm going to the 13th floor.
Did you get into a car accident?
Or did you fall?
I got beaten up by
my professor.
You can totally charge him
with an injury crime.
Do you want me to report
to the police?
No, I'll do it myself.
Don't forget to report.
You have to.
- Chan Woo!
- Mother!
Where have you been?
My little prince...
Hey, I saw the news.
Your brother was shot, right?
Is he okay?
Yoo Su Kyung's father
is totally insane.
Tell us all. Why did he shoot him?
What's wrong with him?
What's with you?
Are you ignoring our
gesture of apology?
You are here to attend
Prosecutor Shin's investigation?
- Yes.
- Me too.
Prosecutor Shin wants us to take
part in confronting investigation?
How's Prosecutor Jung's condition?
Are visitors allowed?
He's out of the ICU.
You can go see him today.
He's recovering fast.
That's a relief.
Shall we get started, Mr. Choi?
Yes. Yoo Su Kyung's mother said...
Lawyer Lee sent these photos
to Yoo Man Ho.
Is that right?
Yes, I sent them.
These photos made Yoo Han Ho mad,
so he shot Prosecutor Jung.
He misunderstood that Lieutenant Han
and Prosecutor Jung are connected...
to Do Hak Young.
Misunderstanding?
Is that a misunderstanding?
Mr. Han Woo Tak,
aren't you close to Prosecutor Jung?
Yes.
See? It's not a misunderstanding.
It's a suspicion.
Because they're close, he could
have requested something to Jung.
A very reasonable suspicion that
he could have asked Jae Chan...
to look after his close friend.
Did you request anything
to Prosecutor Jung?
When I met him, I told him Hak Young
is not the type that would kill.
See? He did it.
Then Prosecutor Jung said this.
How can you be so sure?
You can't assure something until
the investigation is over.
Whether he's guilty or not.
He said it so straightforward
that I felt a little hurt.
I know Jae Chan well.
He's a bit rude sometimes,
but he's warmhearted.
So even if he said it like that,
it must have bothered him.
Let's think from Yoo Man Ho's
perspective too.
His beloved daughter died
out of the blue.
His daughter is dead, and
the prosecutor is doing nothing.
Do Hak Young, the most obvious
suspect is here.
And the prosecutor set him free
of charges. And it turns out...
that the prosecutor's friend
and the suspect are all close.
The suspect's friend requested
the prosecutor to look after him.
This drove Mr. Yoo mad. He would
completely go mad, wouldn't he?
He's not just free of charges.
The evidence shows that it was
the robot vacuum.
Yoo Su Kyung's blood was found
on the robot vacuum.
Somebody could have fabricated it.
It's so easy to set someone free if
a prosecutor helps with forging...
some documents with police.
Don't you think?
Is forging even possible at all?
If a prosecutor wants to, he can.
Is that so?
A prosecutor can forge documents
if he wants to?
Never. It's unimaginable.
Did you forge documents when you
were a prosecutor before?
Is that why you sent the photos?
You thought Jae Chan forged
documents and proofs like you...
when you were a prosecutor before.
My enemies are everywhere.
Hey, Hee Min.
No, I mean Prosecutor Shin.
Is this really a witness
investigation?
Why is everyone investigating me
for Yoo Man Ho's crime?
Did I shoot him?
Did I abet or aid the murder?
What are you
going to charge me with?
None. You're innocent
in terms of laws.
Then why am I being
investigated like this?
The one who shot him
will die soon anyway.
The right of arraignment is invalid.
Then the prosecution will drop out.
Why? Why are you investigating me?
Why do you bother me so much?
Prosecutor Shin.
A man could have been
killed by a gun.
A prosecutor can't just sit here
and do nothing about it.
Why did Yoo Man Ho shoot him?
I needed to record down what kind
of a lawyer you are.
That's why I'm investigating you.
Lee Yu Beom.
A scary man he is.
Yoo Man Ho is the one who shot him.
But Lawyer Lee seems guilty.
Lawyer Lee!
Here.
Here you go.
Oh, I forgot this.
Thank you.
Thanks for today.
Get back safely.
Mr. Choi.
Would you come for a manager's
position in my office?
No, it's fine.
Do you want me to recommend
someone else?
Not the others. I want you.
I feel like I'm the bad guy
all the time when I see you here.
You were always on my side
when we worked together.
You said I never make mistakes
on the cases.
You're right.
That's why I'm scared now.
I'm wondering if I forged
anything back then.
I'm scared I might have.
(Jung Jae Chan, Male)
Excuse me. Is a patient named
Jung Jae Chan not here yet?
He came here from the
ICU last night.
Maybe he went out for a walk.
- Can I wait inside?
- Of course.
Thank you.
I must be crazy.
How could I have come
without my makeup on?
That's nonsense.
I told chief that he's a girl?
He can't come now.
My eyes makeups are not even.
Stop making up stories.
You stroked chief's face.
And you said you're sorry to him.
No way. How could I have said
such things?
But you did.
I thought you were in love
with your boss.
Stop saying disgusting things.
How about you move to
another hospital?
Why? I like it here.
Yoo Man Ho, who shot you...
He's admitted to this hospital too.
Why this hospital out of so many?
It was a hectic back then when it
happened, and the two of them...
were brought to the same hospital.
Jae Chan. Let's move.
I don't want to.
It's better this way.
Which room is he admitted to?
I should go and ask things.
He can't even speak now.
What would you ask him?
Yoo Man Ho's in a serious
condition that he'll die any time.
Is that so? Then I should go see him
today or tomorrow.
I have to ask why he shot me.
You know why he shot you.
It's because you set Do Hak Young
free of charges...
Do Hak Young's not the suspect.
But Yoo Man Ho didn't know that.
He was angry...
Does it justify his shooting?
You can kill people if you're angry?
I have to meet Yoo Man Ho.
I have to let him know that
anger can't justify killing...
before he dies.
Why should I save him?
I hate him so much.
You're going to let him die
just because you hate him?
- Is that the reason?
- Yes!
Let him die because I hate him!
Hey, Woo Tak.
You're visiting Jae Chan too?
Yes, why didn't you go inside?
Just because.
- Woo Tak.
- Yes?
People say that...
ignorance is bliss.
- Yes.
- If ignorance is really a bliss,
should I just act like I don't
know anything and lie?
Do you think you can lie
until the end?
I'm not sure. Maybe.
If you can keep things until
the end, then it's not a lie.
So just act like you don't
know anything.
I'm surprised. I thought you would
advise the opposite.
Why?
Because you have a good-boy
image that everyone agrees.
Good and straight.
That's exactly right.
Thank you for always saying
things I want to hear.
I do?
Let's go together.
Jae Chan's waiting.
No. I think it's better
if I don't go see him.
- Why not?
- People think we're close,
and assume he let go of
Hak Young easily.
I think I shouldn't see Jae Chan
for a while.
Go alone.
Send my regards to him.
Okay. See you later.
Sure.
(Episode 20 will air shortly.)